MORE QUESTIONS:

TESTING DIAGRAM?
block diagram is awful, our modules are not strictly defined, how should we show this?
all diagrams in section 3 - do we need state diagram?
do we need use cases (anywhere?)
is our module (clickable) okay to talk about?
should we show entire UML diagram?  link to website?
show and describe each section?
which sections need descriptions of variables and methods?
entity relationship and data dictionary in section 3?  
talk about GUI, screenshots or anything?
difference between installation procedures section vs deployment diagram?



questions for vybs

Policies and Tactics
? Goals (of this document and in this software 
build)
? Guidelines (in developing this document)
? Development methods (of this document – how 
did we do this – for trace back purposes)

this stuff is all just for the document?  not guidelines or development methods of the actual software?

audience: how many things do we need?  this doesn't line up with the users of the game 
(we had hardcore, moderate, light, server users) right?  currently have players and software devs

how much detail in the dia file we have?  i'll show him and ask if that's what's needed - variables for everything
with explanation for only one, or only variables for that one?

Architecture considerations
	? Technology selection & it's application area - is this just like...python, pygame - SOCKETS
		- git, python, jedit, vim, notepad++
Design Considerations:
	? Assumptions, dependencies, general constraints - what?  what does this apply to?  is this diagrams?
		- 2 sections, we assume code does this, etc etc
		- other section - assume people have python, have internet, etc
High-level design
	? System overview discussion - this is like... we have a server, that connects to clients, etc
	? Design pattern identification - we used client-server model, talk about this
	? Final domain model - how much detail?  what is this, specifically?
		– Showing major classes & design patterns - showing unit class, etc? = just giant uml diagram of all classes?
		- modules connected to each other, this idea goes with this, etc
	? Final deployment diagram - what is this?  - allocation diagram
	
Section 3: The Specifications
? Software Organization
	? Your view of the subsystems of project in text and drawing, using a block/UML diagram (all classes)
		- is this actually all classes?  of everything?
	? Package diagram (if needed) - what is this? - modules 
? Module / Object Decomposition	 - connector
	? Detailed system design by subsystems using filled out UML Class Diagrams
	– CRC, Class Diagram, calling sequence diagrams & 
		detailed design text
	– State charts, Interaction diagrams (as needed)
? Critical Section Specification ??????????????????????????????????
	? Entity Relationship & Data Dictionary - if we don't have a database, do we need this?
	? Low level architecture (if needed) - i don't know what this is - data structures?  algos?
		- SHOW HOW CLIENTS AND SERVER INTERACT
	
	[BCK2003]	L. Bass, P. Clements, R. Kazman. Software Architecture in Practice, Second Edition. Addison-Wesley, 2003. Ebook.
	
	SZY2002]	Clemens Szyperski. Component Software: Beyond Object-Oriented Programming, 2nd Edition. Addison-Wesley, 2002.

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	